you
45 minutes or hour or so but the Bob
wants to come on in and tell everybody
what they're looking at right now in the
center of the screen it looks like a dot
looks like a dot but it's awfully close
I mean this is getting scary you know
these asteroids once we started looking
for them more and more it's almost like
maybe we shouldn't have started looking
it's kind of like a Don't Ask Don't Tell
kind of thing this is not going to hit
the the earth right I mean this is just
sort of another wake-up call as opposed
to to somebody charging right quite
right Jeff but the fact that it's only a
few lunar diameters way that's pretty
close astronomically I mean this shows
us that these asteroids are especially
the near-earth asteroids you know
they're everywhere they're like deer
tick so those Hari Krishna people at
airports you know they're there you
can't get away from them now that we're
looking and we're starting to pay
attention and we'd better pay attention
because now that we know how many there
are we don't want them to sneak up on us
like chill tell you Ben's glass februari
15th and and hit us
about that he was watching planet x a
few days ago now suddenly on the show he
said that if people look those bill see
it's not fair so I think that check that
you got from the from the feds from the
federal government palmate didn't get
yours that is actually making the news I
just came to see that people think that
in about a month we will be slammed into
by a planet XO additional reason to an
ok don't get people worried about that I
well I know eggs are you guys gonna join
Slough because now you can look for it
independently we don't block the
telescope except for certain parts of
the sky Paul that Paul has started
blocking but other than that you can
really it anywhere you like one Jen
said there's a very real connection to
what we're looking at tonight this
asteroid that we're looking at tonight
as you guys have already discussed was
discovered by the NEOWISE the wise space
telescope and in fact very recently I
think it was only this year earlier this
year that same telescope has been used
to virtually rule out the existence of
Planet X they went for a specific hunt
on it and don't forget this telescope
infrared telescope it's designed to look
for very dark very cold objects and I
employed you mean it's instead of
looking for a light it's looking for
heat yeah it's just looking for lighter
two different wavelengths yes actually a
lot of people are I won't say confused
about a Jeff because that would be not
fair to you to say that but there is
actually a difference between infrared
and heat and it's interesting enough to
make the point since the object we're
looking at right now is discovered
because of its infrared emissions
inferior not analogous no they're not
Paul as Paul pointed out infrared is a
form of life whose waves are just longer
and less frequent than visible light
what it does when infrared waves hit
your skin it makes the atoms on your
skin vibrate or move and it's the motion
of the atoms which is the heat so it
produces heat on an object that it hits
but it's not heat in and of itself
because heat is the simple
the movement of atoms and infrared it
does not involve Adams itself involves
electromagnetic energy a form of light
okay and we're going to
e
you
10 years ago the solar system was a very
very violent place and we believe that
an object which we call fear crashed
into the early Earth called the
proto-earth in this massive massive
impact this cataclysmic impact debris
was hurled out and that really teed to
form our moon and what we've been
looking for as scientists is actually
the chemical fingerprints of fear they
should be the chemical signature of thia
in the moon rocks and people have been
looking for this for a long time and the
scientists in Germany say that they
think they found it so we have here a
couple of meteorites from the collection
this first one which is a small slice of
a meteorite is actually a meteorite from
the moon there's about 130 of these
types of meteorite known on earth so
it's very important sample because even
studying a small part of this meteorite
will actually give us a lot of
information about the the composition of
the moon and it's by studying moon rocks
like this one although they actually
scientists actually studied Apollo
samples by studying these in detail and
looking at the composition of oxygen in
these types of rocks that the scientists
and Germany believe that they have found
the chemical fingerprints of the
impacting fear so this this body they're
impacted into the early Earth about
four-and-a-half billion years ago